README copy.md, before:

# _{Mr Rodgers Neighborhood}_

#### _{Takes user input and translates it into Beeps, Boops, and Wont you be my neighbors}, {6-12-20}_

#### By _**{Frederick Ernest}**_

## Description

_{The purpose of this application is to showcase my understanding thus far of arrays and loops in Javascript, Utilitizing logic that converts numbers containing 1, 2, or 3, into Beep, Boop, or "Won't you be my neighbor?"}_

_This application can be broken down into distinct behaviors_

_Behavior 0 - A user inputs anything other than a number._
_Input: This is a number!_
_Suggested output: "That is not a number! Please enter a number!"_

_Behavior 1 - A user inputs a number containing 1, and all digitst are replaced with "Beep!"_
_Input: 1 or 15 or 41 or 71_
_Suggested output: Beep!_

_Behavior 2 - A user inputs a number containing 2, and all digitst are replaced with "Boop!"_
_Input: 2 or 25 or 42 or 72_
_Suggested output: Boop!_

_Behavior 3 - A user inputs a number containing 3, and all digitst are replaced with "Won't you be my neighbor?"_
_Input: 3 or 35 or 43 or 73_
_Suggested output: Won't you be my neighbor?_

_Behavior 4 - A user inputs a number lager than 3, and the program returns "Beep! Boop! Won't you be my neighbor?" followed by ever number leading up to and including the input_
_Input: 5_
_Suggested output: "Beep! Boop! Won't you be my neighbor? 4, 5"_




## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Navigate your broswer to https://github.com/fetonecontrol/arrays-looping_
* _Download the folder from this repository, and double click on the index.html file to open it in your Browser_

_OR_

* _Navigate in your console to your prefered installation directory_
* _Use the command git clone https://github.com/fetonecontrol/arrays-looping_
* _Open any of the files in the directory in your prefered text editor for viewing/editing_
* _Open the index.html file in your preffered browser or text editor preview function_


## Known Bugs

_{No known bugs}_

## Support and contact details

_{Contact Frederick Ernest @ frederick.ernest@gmail.cm}_

## Technologies Used

_{Made and edited in VScode, on a MBP running OSX10.14, the languages used were : HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The frameworks Bootstrap and jQuery were used for styling and behavior, respectively.}_

### License

*{Open source under the MIT licence.}*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_{Frederick Ernest}_**

Commit message:

refine behavior explination to inclue priority of behaviors

README copy.md, after:

# _{Mr Rodgers Neighborhood}_

#### _{Takes user input and translates it into Beeps, Boops, and Wont you be my neighbors}, {6-12-20}_

#### By _**{Frederick Ernest}**_

## Description

_{The purpose of this application is to showcase my understanding thus far of arrays and loops in Javascript, Utilitizing logic that converts numbers containing 1, 2, or 3, into Beep, Boop, or "Won't you be my neighbor?"}_

_This application can be broken down into distinct behaviors_

_Behavior 3 has priority over 2 and 1, and 2 has priority over 1_
_Input: 32 or 21
_Suggested output: "Won't you be my neighbor?" or "Boop!_

_Behavior 0 - A user inputs anything other than a number._
_Input: This is a number!_
_Suggested output: "That is not a number! Please enter a number!"_

_Behavior 1 - A user inputs a number containing 1, and all digitst are replaced with "Beep!"_
_Input: 1 or 15 or 41 or 71_
_Suggested output: Beep!_

_Behavior 2 - A user inputs a number containing 2, and all digitst are replaced with "Boop!"_
_Input: 2 or 25 or 42 or 72_
_Suggested output: Boop!_

_Behavior 3 - A user inputs a number containing 3, and all digitst are replaced with "Won't you be my neighbor?"_
_Input: 3 or 35 or 43 or 73_
_Suggested output: Won't you be my neighbor?_

_Behavior 4 - A user inputs a number lager than 3, and the program returns "Beep! Boop! Won't you be my neighbor?" followed by ever number leading up to and including the input_
_Input: 5_
_Suggested output: "Beep! Boop! Won't you be my neighbor? 4, 5"_




## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Navigate your broswer to https://github.com/fetonecontrol/arrays-looping_
* _Download the folder from this repository, and double click on the index.html file to open it in your Browser_

_OR_

* _Navigate in your console to your prefered installation directory_
* _Use the command git clone https://github.com/fetonecontrol/arrays-looping_
* _Open any of the files in the directory in your prefered text editor for viewing/editing_
* _Open the index.html file in your preffered browser or text editor preview function_


## Known Bugs

_{No known bugs}_

## Support and contact details

_{Contact Frederick Ernest @ frederick.ernest@gmail.cm}_

## Technologies Used

_{Made and edited in VScode, on a MBP running OSX10.14, the languages used were : HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The frameworks Bootstrap and jQuery were used for styling and behavior, respectively.}_

### License

*{Open source under the MIT licence.}*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_{Frederick Ernest}_**
